How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It showed me which exact lines were different between two versions.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I will be able to tell how each version of the program changed, line by
    line, and what went wrong if there is some kind of problem with it.
    Also - I will be able to recover my train of thought after I check older
    versions of the program after I make a break in programming.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    I can commit when I want, and what I want exactly, so I will try to send
    working code only - Google would files automatically , and probably would
    snip some lines of code before I was done writing it.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git allows to store snapshots of all the files in a directory
    simultaneously, which allows to make changes to multiple files at once.
    It's mostly for source code files. Google Docs was made for documents in
    mind, so it makes sense that it only treats whole document files separately.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    I can check what kind of changes each commit made using the git log command,
    and which lines were added or deleted in those commits using git diff.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    With version control I can always go back to a working version after I
    introduce something or change something that breaks everything.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    For saving different versions of my project for internet applications. :)
